{
  "prompt_id": "meeting-agenda-template",
  "prompt_text": "Create a reusable, nonprofit-ready meeting agenda template for [MEETING TYPE] at [ORGANIZATION NAME] that improves outcomes while respecting small-team capacity.\n\nThe agenda template should:\n- Start with a one-line purpose: \u201cBy the end of this meeting we will [OBJECTIVE]\u201d (1\u20132 sentences max).\n- Include a header block with fields: [DATE], [TIMEZONE], [MEETING LENGTH], [LOCATION/ZOOM LINK], [FACILITATOR], [NOTETAKER], [ATTENDEES/ROLES], [ACCESSIBILITY/INCLUSION NOTES].\n- Use an agenda table with columns: Time (mins), Topic, Lead, Purpose (Decision/Discussion/FYI), Pre-reads/Links, Desired Outcome.\n- Time-box items to total [MEETING LENGTH] (60\u201390 minutes for weekly staff; add a 5-minute break if 90+ minutes). Put decisions before updates.\n- Add a 2\u20133 minute grounding check-in (mission/values or equity moment) and a 2-minute closing (next steps + appreciation).\n- Include a \u201cParking Lot\u201d with Owner + Follow-up Plan to capture off-topic items without derailing.\n- Add \u201cDecisions Made\u201d and \u201cAction Items\u201d (Owner, Due Date, First Next Step) plus \u201cComms Out\u201d (who needs to be informed: board, funders, volunteers, partners).\n- Include a \u201cRisks/Blocks/Resource Needs\u201d section to surface capacity constraints early.\n- Specify pre-work with due-by dates: [PRE-READS] with links; limit live updates to 10\u201315 minutes total.\n- Provide distribution instructions (send 2\u20133 days in advance; attach pre-reads; file name: \u201c[ORG]_[MEETING TYPE]_Agenda_[YYYY-MM-DD]\u201d).\n- Word count: keep instructional/explanatory text to 120\u2013180 words; include a 60\u201390 word agenda email blurb.\n- Tone: [TONE] = FORMAL (board/funder-facing); WARM (staff/coalition partners); CASUAL (volunteers/peer teams). Apply consistently.\n- Prepared by [FACILITATOR]; Reviewed by [EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR/OPERATIONS COORDINATOR].\n\nProduce concrete, plain-language fields and example entries (e.g., \u201cDecide whether to submit the [GRANT NAME] by Friday\u201d with 12-minute timebox). Avoid jargon, clich\u00e9s, or vague topics (\u201cupdates\u201d without outcomes). Limit to 5\u20137 agenda items. Use realistic nonprofit scenarios, prioritize mission-critical decisions, and make it easy for attendees to arrive prepared and leave with clear ownership.",
  "category": "operations",
  "generated_at": "2025-11-02T13:20:45.870514Z",
  "scenarios": [
    {
      "id": "scenario_1",
      "name": "Small Community Org",
      "description": "Rural food access nonprofit in northern New Mexico serving farmworker families and elders; mix of small family foundations, county mini-grants, and local donors.",
      "values": {
        "MEETING TYPE": "Weekly Operations Huddle",
        "ORGANIZATION NAME": "Rio Verde Food Share",
        "OBJECTIVE": "align the week\u2019s distribution plan, resolve delivery gaps, and decide whether to submit the Fresh Food Access mini-grant by Friday.",
        "DATE": "Tuesday, March 18, 2025",
        "TIMEZONE": "America/Denver",
        "MEETING LENGTH": "75 minutes",
        "LOCATION/ZOOM LINK": "Rio Verde Community Center, 12 Camino Plaza, Rio Verde, NM 87001; Zoom: https://zoom.us/j/9843217650",
        "FACILITATOR": "Ana Morales, Operations Coordinator",
        "NOTETAKER": "Devin Yazzie, Program Assistant",
        "ATTENDEES/ROLES": "Marisol Trujillo (Executive Director); Ana Morales (Operations Coordinator); Devin Yazzie (Program Assistant); Luis Ortega (Driver Lead); Carla Benally (Volunteer Lead); Mateo Cruz (Pantry Coordinator)",
        "ACCESSIBILITY/INCLUSION NOTES": "Spanish/English interpretation; Zoom auto-captions; step-free entrance; fragrance-free request; large-print agendas available.",
        "PRE-READS": "Due by Mon, 2025-03-17, 5:00 PM MT: 1) Weekly Distribution Schedule Draft \u2014 https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/rvfs-week-2025-03-18; 2) San Miguel County Fresh Food Access Mini-Grant RFP \u2014 https://sanmiguelcounty.gov/grants/fresh-food-access-rfp.pdf; 3) Feb Budget-to-Actuals \u2014 https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/rvfs-b2a-feb2025; 4) Volunteer Roster & Shifts \u2014 https://drive.google.com/file/d/rvfs-vol-roster",
        "ORG": "RioVerdeFoodShare",
        "YYYY-MM-DD": "2025-03-18",
        "TONE": "WARM",
        "EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR/OPERATIONS COORDINATOR": "Marisol Trujillo, Executive Director",
        "GRANT NAME": "San Miguel County Fresh Food Access Mini-Grant"
      }
    },
    {
      "id": "scenario_2",
      "name": "Mid-Size Professional Org",
      "description": "Urban arts education nonprofit in Chicago delivering in-school residencies; funded by corporate sponsors, city arts agency, and individual donors.",
      "values": {
        "MEETING TYPE": "Program Operations Weekly Review",
        "ORGANIZATION NAME": "Metro Arts Lab",
        "OBJECTIVE": "finalize spring residency schedules, prioritize supply orders within budget, and decide whether to pursue the Illinois Arts Council Project Grant this cycle.",
        "DATE": "Thursday, April 10, 2025",
        "TIMEZONE": "America/Chicago",
        "MEETING LENGTH": "60 minutes",
        "LOCATION/ZOOM LINK": "Metro Arts Lab HQ, 214 W Kinzie St, Chicago, IL 60654; Zoom: https://us06web.zoom.us/j/7712230098",
        "FACILITATOR": "Jordan Lee, Director of Operations",
        "NOTETAKER": "Priya Patel, Program Coordinator",
        "ATTENDEES/ROLES": "Elena Sosa (Executive Director); Jordan Lee (Director of Operations); Marcus Hill (Artistic Director); Priya Patel (Program Coordinator); Dana Ortiz (Finance Manager); Tasha Kim (Development Manager); Andre Walker (Teaching Artist Rep)",
        "ACCESSIBILITY/INCLUSION NOTES": "Live captions enabled; gender-inclusive restrooms; quiet room available; nut-free snacks; materials shared in 12pt and large-print on request.",
        "PRE-READS": "Due by Wed, 2025-04-09, 3:00 PM CT: 1) Spring Residency Grid \u2014 https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/mal-residency-grid-spring2025; 2) CPS Vendor Renewal Terms \u2014 https://drive.google.com/file/d/mal-cps-vendor-terms; 3) Supply Order Prioritization List \u2014 https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/mal-supplies-q2; 4) Weekly Ops Dashboard \u2014 https://datastudio.google.com/reporting/mal-ops-dashboard",
        "ORG": "MetroArtsLab",
        "YYYY-MM-DD": "2025-04-10",
        "TONE": "WARM",
        "EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR/OPERATIONS COORDINATOR": "Elena Sosa, Executive Director",
        "GRANT NAME": "Illinois Arts Council Project Grant"
      }
    },
    {
      "id": "scenario_3",
      "name": "Large Established Org",
      "description": "Statewide immigrant and refugee services organization based in Newark, providing legal aid and case management; funded by federal contracts, major foundations, and hospital partners.",
      "values": {
        "MEETING TYPE": "Quarterly Operations & Compliance Review",
        "ORGANIZATION NAME": "Atlantic Refugee & Immigrant Services (ARIS)",
        "OBJECTIVE": "review Q2 operational KPIs, resolve compliance gaps ahead of site visits, and confirm go/no-go on the ORR Refugee Support Services Grant renewal strategy.",
        "DATE": "Thursday, May 22, 2025",
        "TIMEZONE": "America/New_York",
        "MEETING LENGTH": "95 minutes",
        "LOCATION/ZOOM LINK": "ARIS Main Office Board Room, 125 Broad St, Newark, NJ 07102; Zoom: https://zoom.us/j/5522104488",
        "FACILITATOR": "Samuel Okoro, Chief Operating Officer",
        "NOTETAKER": "Linda Nguyen, Compliance Analyst",
        "ATTENDEES/ROLES": "Nadia Rahman (Executive Director); Samuel Okoro (COO); Carla Romano (Finance Director); Hector Alvarez (Programs Director); Mei Chen (Grants Manager); Aisha Williams (HR Director); Victor Torres (IT Manager); Rina Das (Quality & Compliance Manager)",
        "ACCESSIBILITY/INCLUSION NOTES": "CART captions; ASL interpreter available upon request (48 hours\u2019 notice); step-free access via elevator; halal/vegetarian options.",
        "PRE-READS": "Due by Tue, 2025-05-20, 12:00 PM ET: 1) Q2 KPI Dashboard \u2014 https://tableau.aris.org/views/q2-ops-kpis; 2) ORR RSS Compliance Checklist \u2014 https://drive.google.com/file/d/aris-orr-rss-checklist; 3) Audit Prep Timeline & Owners \u2014 https://docs.google.com/document/d/aris-audit-prep-q2; 4) Client Satisfaction Summary (Jan\u2013Apr) \u2014 https://drive.google.com/file/d/aris-client-survey-q2",
        "ORG": "ARIS",
        "YYYY-MM-DD": "2025-05-22",
        "TONE": "FORMAL",
        "EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR/OPERATIONS COORDINATOR": "Nadia Rahman, Executive Director",
        "GRANT NAME": "ORR Refugee Support Services Grant"
      }
    }
  ],
  "outputs": [
    {
      "scenario_id": "scenario_1",
      "model": "gemini",
      "model_display_name": "Gemini 2.5 Flash",
      "content": "**Rio Verde Food Share Weekly Operations Huddle Agenda**\n\n**By the end of this meeting, we will align the week\u2019s distribution plan, resolve delivery gaps, and decide whether to submit the Fresh Food Access mini-grant by Friday.**\n\n**Header Block:**\n**Date:** Tuesday, March 18, 2025\n**Time Zone:** America/Denver\n**Meeting Length:** 75 minutes\n**Location:** Rio Verde Community Center, 12 Camino Plaza, Rio Verde, NM 87001\n**Zoom Link:** https://zoom.us/j/9843217650\n**Attendees:** Ana Morales (Operations Coordinator), Devin Yazzie (Program Assistant), Marisol Trujillo (Executive Director), Luis Ortega (Driver Lead), Carla Benally (Volunteer Lead), Mateo Cruz (Pantry Coordinator)\n**Accessibility:** Spanish/English interpretation; Zoom auto-captions; step-free entrance; fragrance-free request; large-print agendas available.\n\n---\n\n**Pre-Work (Due by Mon, 2025-03-17, 5:00 PM MT):**\n1.  **Weekly Distribution Schedule Draft:** Review and note any concerns.\n    *   https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/rvfs-week-2025-03-18\n2.  **San Miguel County Fresh Food Access Mini-Grant RFP:** Read eligibility and requirements carefully.\n    *   https://sanmiguelcounty.gov/grants/fresh-food-access-rfp.pdf\n3.  **Feb Budget-to-Actuals:** Review main variances.\n    *   https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/rvfs-b2a-feb2025\n4.  **Volunteer Roster & Shifts:** Review for gaps and note potential solutions.\n    *   https://drive.google.com/file/d/rvfs-vol-roster\n\n---\n\n**Agenda Items:**\n\n| **Time (mins)** | **Topic**                                                    | **Lead**          | **Purpose**            | **Pre-reads/Links**                                   | **Desired Outcome**                                                                                                            |\n| :-------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------- | :---------------- | :--------------------- | :---------------------------------------------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |\n| 3               | **Grounding Check-in:** Equity in Food Access                  | Marisol           | Discussion             | N/A                                                   | Connect our work to our mission and values; share a personal experience related to equitable food access.                          |\n| 12              | **Decision: San Miguel Fresh Food Access Mini-Grant Submission** | Ana               | Decision               | RFP (Pre-read 2)                                      | Clear decision on whether to apply by Friday, with assigned next steps if submitting.                                          |\n| 15              | **Resolve Delivery Route Gaps & Driver Capacity Challenges** | Luis              | Decision/Discussion    | Weekly Distribution Draft (Pre-read 1)                  | Identified solutions for any driver/route gaps this week; confirmed who will implement.                                        |\n| 10              | **Address Volunteer Shortages for Wednesday Distribution**     | Carla             | Decision/Discussion    | Volunteer Roster (Pre-read 4)                         | Specific plan to fill Wednesday volunteer roles (e.g., call list, internal ask); assigned person to execute.                  |\n| 10              | **Review & Finalize Weekly Distribution Plan**                 | Devin             | Discussion             | Weekly Distribution Draft (Pre-read 1)                  | Agreed-upon final distribution schedule for the week.                                                                          |\n| 10              | **Quick Check: February Budget-to-Actuals**                  | Marisol           | FYI/Discussion         | Feb B2A (Pre-read 3)                                  | Shared understanding of February financial health; noted any significant areas for follow-up.                                  |\n| 3               | **Closing: Next Steps & Appreciation**                       | Ana               | FYI / Appreciation     | N/A                                                   | Clear summary of action items; individual appreciation for contributions.                                                      |\n\n---\n\n**Risks/Blocks/Resource Needs:**\n*   (List any anticipated challenges like low volunteer sign-ups, vehicle maintenance issues, grant writing capacity, etc., and proposed solutions or needed resources here.)\n    *   *Example: Risk: Volunteer no-shows affecting Wednesday distribution. Need: Backup contact list for last-minute outreach.*\n\n---\n\n**Decisions Made:**\n*   *(Populated during/after the meeting)*\n    *   *Example: Rio Verde Food Share WILL submit the San Miguel County Fresh Food Access Mini-Grant. Ana will draft narrative, Marisol will review, Devin will collect attachments.*\n\n**Action Items:**\n\n| **Owner**         | **Due Date**      | **First Next Step**                                                                   |\n| :---------------- | :---------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |\n| *(Populated below)* | *(Populated below)* | *(Populated below)*                                                                    |\n| Ana               | 2025-03-21        | Draft narrative for grant application.                                                  |\n| Luis              | 2025-03-18        | Contact Driver X to cover Thursday Route 3.                                             |\n| Carla             | 2025-03-18        | Call top 3 reliable volunteers to cover Wednesday morning shift.                        |\n\n---\n\n**Comms Out:**\n*   (Who needs to know about decisions? Board, funders, volunteers, partners?)\n    *   *Example: Marisol to inform Board of mini-grant decision; Ana to inform volunteers about updated Wednesday shift plan.*\n\n---\n\n**Parking Lot:**\n\n| **Topic**                                | **Owner**   | **Follow-up Plan**                                                  |\n| :--------------------------------------- | :---------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------ |\n| *(Populated during/after the meeting)*    | *(Populated)*  | *(Populated)*                                                        |\n| Website accessibility improvements         | Devin       | Add to next month's program team meeting agenda for discussion.     |\n| Long-term vehicle maintenance strategy     | Luis        | Schedule separate 30-min call with Marisol next week.               |\n\n---\n\n**Prepared by:** Ana Morales, Operations Coordinator\n**Reviewed by:** Marisol Trujillo, Executive Director\n\n---\n\n**Agenda Email Blurb (Warm Tone):**\n\nHi team,\n\nOur weekly operations huddle is scheduled for Tuesday, March 18th. This week, we'll focus on solidifying our distribution plan, tackling delivery and volunteer needs, and making a key decision about the Fresh Food Access mini-grant. Your pre-work (linked below) is crucial for a productive meeting, so please review everything by Monday at 5 PM MT. Looking forward to our collaborative problem-solving!\n\nBest,\nAna\n\n---\n\n**Distribution Instructions:**\nSend this agenda 2\u20133 days in advance of the meeting. Please attach all pre-read documents directly to the email, in addition to linking them in the agenda.\n**File Name:** RioVerdeFoodShare_Weekly Operations Huddle_Agenda_2025-03-18",
      "timestamp": "2025-11-02T13:16:20.705370Z",
      "duration_seconds": 9.15,
      "tokens": {
        "input": 855,
        "output": 1561,
        "total": 2416
      },
      "cost_usd": 0.001065,
      "success": true,
      "evaluation": {
        "overall_score": 8.8,
        "criteria_scores": {
          "tone": 9,
          "completeness": 9,
          "usefulness": 9,
          "accuracy": 9,
          "authenticity": 8
        },
        "reasoning": "This is an exceptionally well-crafted agenda that demonstrates deep understanding of nonprofit operations and small-team realities. It successfully balances structure with warmth, includes all required elements, and provides concrete, actionable examples that would genuinely help a small rural food access organization. The scenario-specific details (driver routes, volunteer gaps, mini-grant decision) feel authentic and mission-aligned.",
        "strengths": [
          "Excellent adherence to template requirements with all sections present and properly formatted",
          "Warm, accessible tone throughout that matches the 'WARM' specification while remaining professional",
          "Highly realistic and specific agenda items that reflect actual nonprofit operational challenges (driver gaps, volunteer shortages, grant deadlines)",
          "Smart prioritization with decisions placed before updates, and time-boxing that totals exactly 75 minutes as specified",
          "Strong accessibility considerations that go beyond boilerplate (Spanish/English interpretation, fragrance-free, large-print)",
          "Practical pre-work section with clear due dates and realistic document links",
          "Useful parking lot examples that model how to defer without dismissing important topics",
          "Email blurb strikes the right balance of friendly and focused, appropriate for a small team",
          "Grounding check-in topic ('Equity in Food Access') is mission-aligned rather than generic"
        ],
        "weaknesses": [
          "The 'Risks/Blocks/Resource Needs' section is mostly empty with only an example, though this may be intentional as a template to populate",
          "Minor: The facilitator is listed as both Ana (in header) and the meeting includes Ana leading items, which is correct but could note if facilitation rotates or if Ana both facilitates and presents",
          "The agenda could benefit from a 5-minute buffer or transition time between major decision items, though the 75-minute total is respected"
        ],
        "evaluator_model": "claude-sonnet-4.5"
      }
    },
    {
      "scenario_id": "scenario_1",
      "model": "claude",
      "model_display_name": "Claude (Sonnet 4.5)",
      "content": "# Weekly Operations Huddle \u2013 Agenda Template\n\n**Rio Verde Food Share**\n\n---\n\n## Meeting Purpose\nBy the end of this meeting we will align the week's distribution plan, resolve delivery gaps, and decide whether to submit the Fresh Food Access mini-grant by Friday.\n\n---\n\n## Meeting Information\n\n| **Field** | **Details** |\n|-----------|-------------|\n| **Date & Time** | Tuesday, March 18, 2025 \u00b7 10:00\u201311:15 AM (75 minutes) |\n| **Time Zone** | America/Denver (Mountain Time) |\n| **Location** | Rio Verde Community Center, 12 Camino Plaza, Rio Verde, NM 87001 |\n| **Virtual Option** | Zoom: https://zoom.us/j/9843217650 |\n| **Facilitator** | Ana Morales, Operations Coordinator |\n| **Note-Taker** | Devin Yazzie, Program Assistant |\n| **Attendees** | Marisol Trujillo (Executive Director); Ana Morales (Operations Coordinator); Devin Yazzie (Program Assistant); Luis Ortega (Driver Lead); Carla Benally (Volunteer Lead); Mateo Cruz (Pantry Coordinator) |\n| **Accessibility** | Spanish/English interpretation; Zoom auto-captions; step-free entrance; fragrance-free request; large-print agendas available |\n\n---\n\n## Pre-Work (Due by Mon, 2025-03-17, 5:00 PM MT)\n\n1. **Weekly Distribution Schedule Draft** \u2014 https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/rvfs-week-2025-03-18\n2. **San Miguel County Fresh Food Access Mini-Grant RFP** \u2014 https://sanmiguelcounty.gov/grants/fresh-food-access-rfp.pdf\n3. **Feb Budget-to-Actuals** \u2014 https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/rvfs-b2a-feb2025\n4. **Volunteer Roster & Shifts** \u2014 https://drive.google.com/file/d/rvfs-vol-roster\n\n---\n\n## Agenda\n\n| **Time (mins)** | **Topic** | **Lead** | **Purpose** | **Pre-reads/Links** | **Desired Outcome** |\n|-----------------|-----------|----------|-------------|---------------------|---------------------|\n| 2 | **Grounding Check-In** | Ana | Discussion | \u2014 | Connect to mission: one word describing what \"dignity in food access\" means to you today |\n| 12 | **Decision: Submit San Miguel County Fresh Food Access Mini-Grant?** | Marisol | Decision | Mini-Grant RFP | Go/no-go by end of item; assign lead if yes; identify what we need by Friday |\n| 10 | **Decision: Finalize This Week's Distribution Schedule** | Luis | Decision | Distribution Schedule Draft | Confirm routes, driver assignments, and backup plans for Wed\u2013Fri distributions |\n| 8 | **Resolve: Thursday Elder Meal Delivery Gap** | Carla | Decision | Volunteer Roster | Assign coverage for 3 missing volunteer slots; identify transportation solution |\n| 8 | **Discuss: February Budget Variance & March Spending Plan** | Marisol | Discussion | Feb Budget-to-Actuals | Understand $2,400 overspend in fuel; adjust March discretionary spending if needed |\n| 10 | **Updates (Round-Robin, 2 min each)** | All | FYI | \u2014 | Pantry stock levels; partner agency feedback; volunteer recruitment; upcoming events |\n| 20 | **Working Time: Draft Mini-Grant Budget (if Decision = Go)** | Marisol, Ana | Discussion | \u2014 | Rough budget outline; who writes which sections; timeline through Friday |\n| 3 | **Parking Lot Review** | Ana | FYI | \u2014 | Assign owners and follow-up dates for deferred items |\n| 2 | **Closing: Next Steps + Appreciation** | Ana | FYI | \u2014 | Confirm action items; name one person or effort we're grateful for this week |\n\n**Total: 75 minutes**\n\n---\n\n## Parking Lot (Off-Topic Items to Follow Up)\n\n| **Item** | **Owner** | **Follow-Up Plan** |\n|----------|-----------|-------------------|\n| _Example: New fridge repair quote needed_ | Mateo | Email three vendors by Wed; report cost options in Slack by Fri |\n|  |  |  |\n|  |  |  |\n\n---\n\n## Decisions Made\n\n| **Decision** | **Outcome** | **Rationale** |\n|--------------|-------------|---------------|\n| _Example: Submit mini-grant?_ | Yes \u2013 Ana leads; draft due Thurs noon for Marisol review | Aligns with strategic plan; $15K would fund summer mobile pantry pilot |\n|  |  |  |\n|  |  |  |\n\n---\n\n## Action Items\n\n| **Action** | **Owner** | **Due Date** | **First Next Step** |\n|------------|-----------|--------------|---------------------|\n| _Example: Draft mini-grant narrative (intro, need, activities)_ | Ana | Thu, 2025-03-20, 12:00 PM MT | Open RFP template; pull Feb client demographics from database |\n| _Example: Confirm backup driver for Thursday route_ | Luis | Tue, 2025-03-18, 5:00 PM MT | Text Jorge; if unavailable, call Rental Co. for van |\n|  |  |  |  |\n|  |  |  |  |\n\n---\n\n## Comms Out (Who Needs to Know?)\n\n| **Audience** | **Message** | **Owner** | **By When** |\n|--------------|-------------|-----------|-------------|\n| _Example: Board Chair_ | Heads-up: submitting mini-grant; may need board letter of support by Thu | Marisol | Tue, 2025-03-18, 3:00 PM MT |\n| _Example: Thursday meal delivery volunteers_ | Route time change: pickup now 1:00 PM (was 12:30 PM) | Carla | Tue, 2025-03-18, end of day |\n|  |  |  |  |\n\n---\n\n## Risks / Blocks / Resource Needs\n\n| **Issue** | **Impact if Unresolved** | **Help Needed** |\n|-----------|--------------------------|-----------------|\n| _Example: Only 1 of 4 volunteers confirmed for Thursday delivery_ | 45 senior clients don't receive meals; partnership credibility at risk | Carla to email volunteer list; Marisol to reach out to Rotary Club contact |\n| _Example: Grant budget requires fiscal sponsor signature; our contact is on vacation until Mon_ | Miss Friday 5 PM submission deadline | Marisol to email fiscal sponsor's deputy director today; confirm authority to sign |\n|  |  |  |\n\n---\n\n## Distribution Instructions\n\n**Send to:** All attendees  \n**Timing:** 2\u20133 days in advance (by end of day Friday, March 14, 2025)  \n**Subject Line:** Weekly Operations Huddle \u2013 Tue, March 18, 10:00 AM MT \u2013 Pre-Reads Attached  \n**File Name:** `RioVerdeFoodShare_WeeklyOperationsHuddle_Agenda_2025-03-18.pdf`  \n**Attach:** All pre-read links as downloadable PDFs or Google Drive links\n\n---\n\n## Email Blurb (60\u201390 words)\n\n> Hi team,\n> \n> Our Weekly Operations Huddle is **Tuesday, March 18, 10:00\u201311:15 AM MT** at Rio Verde Community Center (Zoom link: https://zoom.us/j/9843217650). We'll decide whether to submit the San Miguel County Fresh Food Access mini-grant, finalize this week's distribution schedule, and solve the Thursday elder meal delivery gap.\n> \n> **Please review the four pre-reads by Monday, 5:00 PM MT** so we can focus meeting time on decisions and problem-solving. Questions? Reach Ana at ana@rioverdefoodshare.org.\n> \n> Looking forward to working through the week together,  \n> Ana\n\n---\n\n## Template Metadata\n\n**Prepared by:** Ana Morales, Operations Coordinator  \n**Reviewed by:** Marisol Trujillo, Executive Director  \n**Version:** 1.0 \u2013 March 2025  \n**Tone:** Warm (staff/coalition partners)  \n**Word Count (instructional text):** ~165 words\n\n---\n\n**Template Notes for Future Use:**\n\n- Rotate facilitator monthly to build capacity.\n- Limit \"Updates\" to 2 minutes per person; use Slack for detailed FYIs.\n- If no major decisions, shorten meeting to 45\u201360 minutes and use saved time for deep-work or planning.\n- Review action-item completion rate monthly; adjust time allocations if items consistently carry over.",
      "timestamp": "2025-11-02T13:16:54.454690Z",
      "duration_seconds": 42.91,
      "tokens": {
        "input": 932,
        "output": 2142,
        "total": 3074
      },
      "cost_usd": 0.034926,
      "success": true,
      "evaluation": {
        "overall_score": 9.2,
        "criteria_scores": {
          "tone": 10,
          "completeness": 9,
          "usefulness": 10,
          "accuracy": 9,
          "authenticity": 9
        },
        "reasoning": "This is an exceptionally strong nonprofit meeting template that balances professionalism with warmth. It demonstrates deep understanding of small-org capacity constraints, uses realistic scenarios, and provides concrete, actionable structure. The tone is perfectly calibrated for a rural community nonprofit, avoiding jargon while maintaining clarity.",
        "strengths": [
          "Excellent tone execution - warm, accessible, culturally appropriate (Spanish/English interpretation, local context like 'Rotary Club contact')",
          "Highly practical examples throughout (e.g., 'Text Jorge; if unavailable, call Rental Co. for van' shows real operational thinking)",
          "Strong prioritization - puts decisions first (grant submission, distribution schedule) before updates",
          "Exceptional accessibility considerations integrated naturally, not as afterthought",
          "Realistic time allocations with 20-minute working session for grant drafting if decision is 'go'",
          "Parking Lot, Risks/Blocks, and Comms Out sections address real small-org pain points",
          "Grounding check-in ('one word describing what dignity in food access means') is mission-aligned and brief",
          "Email blurb is genuinely useful and appropriately warm",
          "Template notes for future use show systems-thinking (rotate facilitator, review completion rates)"
        ],
        "weaknesses": [
          "Minor: No explicit 5-minute break despite being 75 minutes (prompt suggests break at 90+ minutes, but 75 minutes is close and includes intensive working time)",
          "The 'Working Time' agenda item (20 mins) could be clearer about whether all attendees participate or if some can drop - small teams often need this flexibility",
          "Word count for instructional text (~165) is slightly above the 120-180 range but still acceptable"
        ],
        "evaluator_model": "claude-sonnet-4.5"
      }
    },
    {
      "scenario_id": "scenario_1",
      "model": "gpt5",
      "model_display_name": "ChatGPT (GPT-5)",
      "content": "Purpose\nBy the end of this meeting we will align the week\u2019s distribution plan, resolve delivery gaps, and decide whether to submit the Fresh Food Access mini-grant by Friday.\n\nHeader\n- Date: Tuesday, March 18, 2025\n- Time zone: America/Denver\n- Duration: 75 minutes\n- Location: Rio Verde Community Center, 12 Camino Plaza, Rio Verde, NM 87001\n- Zoom: https://zoom.us/j/9843217650\n- Core team: Ana Morales (Operations Coordinator); Devin Yazzie (Program Assistant); Marisol Trujillo (Executive Director); Luis Ortega (Driver Lead); Carla Benally (Volunteer Lead); Mateo Cruz (Pantry Coordinator)\n- Accessibility: Spanish/English interpretation; Zoom auto-captions; step-free entrance; fragrance-free request; large-print agendas available\n\nAgenda (75 minutes total; decisions first)\n| Time (mins) | Topic                                                        | Lead                     | Purpose (Decision/Discussion/FYI) | Pre-reads/Links                                                                 | Desired Outcome                                                                  |\n|-------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------|------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|\n| 3           | Grounding check-in (mission/equity moment)                   | Ana                      | Discussion                         | \u2014                                                                               | Shared focus and respect for community impact                                    |\n| 12          | Mini-grant: submit by Friday?                                | Marisol + Ana            | Decision                           | San Miguel County Fresh Food Access RFP: https://sanmiguelcounty.gov/grants/fresh-food-access-rfp.pdf | Clear yes/no; if yes, assign writer, budget source, signatory, and timeline      |\n| 18          | Weekly distribution plan and delivery gaps                    | Devin + Luis + Mateo     | Decision/Discussion                | Weekly Schedule Draft: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/rvfs-week-2025-03-18 | Final routes, quantities, cold-chain plan; assign fixes for any gaps             |\n| 10          | Volunteer coverage and safety for the week                    | Carla                    | Decision/Discussion                | Volunteer Roster & Shifts: https://drive.google.com/file/d/rvfs-vol-roster     | All shifts filled or contingency set; safety lead and briefing plan confirmed     |\n| 15          | Budget snapshot + risks/blocks/resource needs                 | Ana                      | Discussion/Decision                | Feb Budget-to-Actuals: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/rvfs-b2a-feb2025 | Agree on spends (fuel/ice), flag constraints, decide mitigations or escalations  |\n| 15          | Partners/donations/pickups + comms needed (updates capped)    | Devin                    | FYI/Discussion                     | Weekly Schedule Draft (same as above)                                           | Confirm pickups/deliveries; list who to inform (volunteers/partners/board/funders)|\n| 2           | Closing: next steps + appreciation                            | Ana                      | Discussion                         | \u2014                                                                               | Owners and due dates repeated; gratitude shared                                  |\n\nPre-work (Due by Mon, 2025-03-17, 5:00 PM MT)\n1) Weekly Distribution Schedule Draft \u2014 https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/rvfs-week-2025-03-18\n2) San Miguel County Fresh Food Access Mini-Grant RFP \u2014 https://sanmiguelcounty.gov/grants/fresh-food-access-rfp.pdf\n3) Feb Budget-to-Actuals \u2014 https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/rvfs-b2a-feb2025\n4) Volunteer Roster & Shifts \u2014 https://drive.google.com/file/d/rvfs-vol-roster\nNote: Limit live updates to 10\u201315 minutes total.\n\nParking Lot (off-topic items)\n- Item / Owner / Follow-up plan and date\n- Example: Food safety signage refresh \u2014 Owner: Mateo \u2014 Plan: Draft options and bring next week\n\nDecisions Made\n- Grant submission: [Yes/No]. If yes: signer, amount, match source, internal deadline.\n- Route changes approved: [List].\n- Spend approvals: [List caps or exceptions].\n\nAction Items\n- Action / Owner / Due Date / First next step\n- Example: Draft grant narrative sections 1\u20133 \u2014 Ana \u2014 Thu 3/20 \u2014 Outline key outcomes and budget notes\n\nComms Out (who must be informed)\n- Board (e.g., Grants Committee): [What, by whom, by when]\n- Funders: [What, by whom, by when]\n- Volunteers: [Shift or safety changes; owner; send date]\n- Partners/Donors: [Pickup/delivery confirmations; owner; send date]\n\nDistribution instructions (send this agenda 2\u20133 days in advance)\n- Email the agenda and attach all pre-reads. Use file name: RioVerdeFoodShare_Weekly Operations Huddle_Agenda_2025-03-18.\n- Keep decisions early; adjust timeboxes but do not exceed 75 minutes total.\n- During the meeting, record Decisions, Action Items, and Parking Lot in real time; confirm owners and dates before closing.\n\nAgenda email blurb (copy/paste)\nTeam, here\u2019s Tuesday\u2019s Weekly Operations Huddle (75 min). We\u2019ll decide on the Fresh Food Access mini-grant, finalize the distribution plan and routes, confirm volunteer coverage, and review budget risks. Please complete the pre-work by Mon, 3/17, 5:00 PM MT so we can keep updates to 10\u201315 minutes. Join in person at the Community Center or via Zoom: https://zoom.us/j/9843217650. Accessibility: Spanish/English interpretation, Zoom captions, step-free entrance, large-print agendas.\n\nPrepared by: Ana Morales, Operations Coordinator\nReviewed by: Marisol Trujillo, Executive Director",
      "timestamp": "2025-11-02T13:17:32.720402Z",
      "duration_seconds": 81.17,
      "tokens": {
        "input": 782,
        "output": 5306,
        "total": 6088
      },
      "cost_usd": 0.081936,
      "success": true,
      "evaluation": {
        "overall_score": 9.0,
        "criteria_scores": {
          "tone": 10,
          "completeness": 9,
          "usefulness": 9,
          "accuracy": 9,
          "authenticity": 8
        },
        "reasoning": "This is an exceptionally well-crafted nonprofit meeting agenda that demonstrates deep understanding of small-team operational realities. The warm, accessible tone is pitch-perfect for a rural community organization, and the concrete examples (route planning, volunteer coverage, grant deadlines) feel authentic. Minor deductions only for slight template rigidity in some sections.",
        "strengths": [
          "Excellent tone calibration\u2014warm, respectful, and culturally appropriate with Spanish/English interpretation and fragrance-free requests that reflect real community needs",
          "Highly practical structure with decisions prioritized first (mini-grant, distribution gaps) before updates, respecting the 75-minute constraint",
          "Concrete, actionable agenda items with realistic timeboxes (12 min for grant decision, 18 min for distribution planning) that avoid vague 'updates'",
          "Outstanding accessibility considerations that go beyond boilerplate (step-free entrance, large-print, auto-captions)",
          "Smart pre-work system with specific due date (Mon 5PM MT) and realistic links that would actually help attendees prepare",
          "The email blurb is genuinely useful\u2014concise, informative, and ready to copy-paste",
          "Parking Lot with owner/follow-up structure prevents scope creep while capturing ideas",
          "Comms Out section addresses a critical nonprofit pain point (who needs to know what) that's often forgotten"
        ],
        "weaknesses": [
          "The 'Example:' entries in Parking Lot and Action Items sections could be removed in final template to avoid confusion about whether they're real or placeholder",
          "Grounding check-in could benefit from one concrete example prompt (e.g., 'Share one family or elder we're serving this week') to make it less abstract",
          "Minor: The table formatting may not render perfectly in all email clients\u2014could note 'view in Google Docs for best formatting' in distribution instructions"
        ],
        "evaluator_model": "claude-sonnet-4.5"
      }
    },
    {
      "scenario_id": "scenario_2",
      "model": "gemini",
      "model_display_name": "Gemini 2.5 Flash",
      "content": "## Metro Arts Lab: Program Operations Weekly Review Agenda Template\n\n**Purpose:** By the end of this meeting, we will finalize spring residency schedules, prioritize supply orders within budget, and decide whether to pursue the Illinois Arts Council Project Grant this cycle.\n\n---\n\n**Date:** Thursday, April 10, 2025\n**Time Zone:** America/Chicago\n**Duration:** 60 minutes\n**Location:** Metro Arts Lab HQ, 214 W Kinzie St, Chicago, IL 60654; Zoom: https://us06web.zoom.us/j/7712230098\n**Host:** Jordan Lee, Director of Operations\n**Note-Taker:** Priya Patel, Program Coordinator\n**Attendees:** Elena Sosa (Executive Director); Jordan Lee (Director of Operations); Marcus Hill (Artistic Director); Priya Patel (Program Coordinator); Dana Ortiz (Finance Manager); Tasha Kim (Development Manager); Andre Walker (Teaching Artist Rep)\n\n**Accessibility Note:** Live captions enabled; gender-inclusive restrooms; quiet room available; nut-free snacks; materials shared in 12pt and large-print on request.\n\n---\n\n### Agenda\n\n| Time (mins) | Topic                                           | Lead          | Purpose           | Pre-reads/Links                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Desired Outcome                                                                                                                                      |\n| :---------- | :---------------------------------------------- | :------------ | :---------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |\n| 3           | **Grounding & Equity Moment**                   | Jordan Lee    | FYI               | N/A | Briefly reflect on how our work embodies our value of equitable community access to arts experiences.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |\n| 12          | **Spring Residency Schedule Finalization**      | Priya Patel   | Decision          | 1) Spring Residency Grid \u2013 https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/mal-residency-grid-spring2025 (Pre-read due: 2025-04-09, 3:00 PM CT) | Finalized calendar for Spring residencies, including confirmed artist placements and venue bookings.                                                                                                                                                               |\n| 8           | **Prioritize Q2 Supply Orders within Budget**   | Dana Ortiz    | Decision          | 2) Supply Order Prioritization List \u2013 https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/mal-supplies-q2 (Pre-read due: 2025-04-09, 3:00 PM CT) | Approved list of essential supply orders for Q2, adhering to budget limits.                                                                                                                                                                        |\n| 12          | **Illinois Arts Council Project Grant Decision**| Tasha Kim     | Decision          | N/A | Decision to apply for the Illinois Arts Council Project Grant this cycle, with clear rationale.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |\n| 8           | **CPS Vendor Renewal Terms Review**             | Jordan Lee    | Discussion        | 3) CPS Vendor Renewal Terms \u2013 https://drive.google.com/file/d/mal-cps-vendor-terms (Pre-read due: 2025-04-09, 3:00 PM CT) | Consensus on next steps for engaging with CPS regarding vendor renewal, addressing any concerns.                                                                                                                                                                   |\n| 12          | **Weekly Ops Dashboard Review & Insights**      | Jordan Lee    | Discussion/FYI    | 4) Weekly Ops Dashboard \u2013 https://datastudio.google.com/reporting/mal-ops-dashboard (Pre-read due: 2025-04-09, 3:00 PM CT) | Shared understanding of key operational metrics, trends, and any emerging issues identified from the dashboard.                                                                                                                                                            |\n| 2           | **Closing: Next Steps & Appreciation**          | Jordan Lee    | FYI               | N/A | Clear articulation of next steps, individual actions, and acknowledgement of team contributions.                                                                                                                                                                   |\n\n---\n\n### Parking Lot\n\n| Item | Owner | Follow-up Plan |\n| :--- | :---- | :------------- |\n| TBD  | TBD   | TBD            |\n\n---\n\n### Decisions Made\n\n*   *(To be filled during meeting)*\n\n### Action Items\n\n| Owner | Due Date | First Next Step |\n| :---- | :------- | :-------------- |\n| TBD   | TBD      | TBD             |\n\n### Comms Out\n\n*   *(Who needs to be informed: board, funders, volunteers, partners?)*\n    *   TBD\n\n### Risks/Blocks/Resource Needs\n\n*   *(Surface capacity constraints or potential roadblocks early)*\n    *   TBD\n\n---\n\n**Pre-work Due by Wed, 2025-04-09, 3:00 PM CT:**\n1.  **Spring Residency Grid:** Review the proposed residency schedule for April-June.\n    *(Link: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/mal-residency-grid-spring2025)*\n2.  **Supply Order Prioritization List:** Review and come prepared with your top 3 essential supply needs for Q2.\n    *(Link: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/mal-supplies-q2)*\n3.  **CPS Vendor Renewal Terms:** Read through the proposed new terms from Chicago Public Schools.\n    *(Link: https://drive.google.com/file/d/mal-cps-vendor-terms)*\n4.  **Weekly Ops Dashboard:** Review the latest operational metrics and be ready to highlight any key insights or concerns.\n    *(Link: https://datastudio.google.com/reporting/mal-ops-dashboard)*\n\n*(Please limit live updates on pre-read topics to 10\u201315 minutes total during the meeting to maximize discussion time.)*\n\n---\n\n**Prepared by:** Jordan Lee, Director of Operations\n**Reviewed by:** Elena Sosa, Executive Director\n\n---\n\n### Distribution Instructions:\n\nPlease send this agenda 2\u20133 business days in advance of the meeting. Ensure all pre-read documents are attached to the email or clearly linked within the agenda.\n**File Name:** MetroArtsLab_Program Operations Weekly Review_Agenda_2025-04-10\n\n---\n\n#### Agenda Email Blurb (Warm Tone for Staff/Coalition Partners):\n\nHi Team,\n\nHope you're having a good week!\n\nOur next Program Operations Weekly Review is coming up on Thursday, April 10th. This week, we'll be making some important decisions on our spring residency schedules, prioritizing our Q2 supply needs, and discussing an exciting grant opportunity from the Illinois Arts Council. We'll also review our operational dashboard and discuss our ongoing relationship with CPS.\n\nPlease find the full agenda attached, along with direct links to pre-read materials. Your review of these documents beforehand is greatly appreciated and will help us make the most of our time together.\n\nLooking forward to a productive discussion!\n\nBest,\n\nJordan",
      "timestamp": "2025-11-02T13:17:38.832713Z",
      "duration_seconds": 6.11,
      "tokens": {
        "input": 842,
        "output": 1579,
        "total": 2421
      },
      "cost_usd": 0.001074,
      "success": true,
      "evaluation": {
        "overall_score": 8.6,
        "criteria_scores": {
          "tone": 9,
          "completeness": 9,
          "usefulness": 9,
          "accuracy": 8,
          "authenticity": 8
        },
        "reasoning": "This is a highly functional, professional agenda template that successfully implements nearly all prompt requirements with appropriate warm tone for staff meetings. The structure is clear, realistic, and immediately usable. Minor weaknesses include slightly generic equity moment framing and the Illinois Arts Council grant discussion lacking pre-read materials when it's positioned as a major decision item.",
        "strengths": [
          "Excellent adherence to template structure with all required sections present and properly formatted",
          "Realistic time-boxing that totals exactly 60 minutes (3+12+8+12+8+12+2=57, allowing 3 min buffer)",
          "Strong warm tone throughout, especially in the email blurb which feels authentic and collegial without being overly casual",
          "Concrete, actionable agenda items with clear desired outcomes (not vague 'updates')",
          "Pre-work instructions are specific with exact due dates and realistic expectations about limiting live updates",
          "Distribution instructions and file naming conventions are practical and professional",
          "Accessibility notes are comprehensive and demonstrate genuine inclusion practices",
          "Decisions appropriately placed before FYI items, following best practice",
          "The parking lot, risks/blocks, and comms out sections address real nonprofit coordination challenges"
        ],
        "weaknesses": [
          "The Illinois Arts Council grant decision (12 minutes, major decision) has no pre-read materials listed, which seems inconsistent with the importance and could lead to unprepared discussion",
          "Grounding/equity moment instruction is somewhat generic ('briefly reflect on how our work embodies...') rather than providing a concrete example or prompt",
          "The agenda table formatting could be slightly tighter\u2014some cells have verbose text that might not display cleanly in all formats",
          "Minor: 'Host' is used in the header instead of 'Facilitator' as specified in the template requirements"
        ],
        "evaluator_model": "claude-sonnet-4.5"
      }
    },
    {
      "scenario_id": "scenario_2",
      "model": "claude",
      "model_display_name": "Claude (Sonnet 4.5)",
      "content": "# METRO ARTS LAB\n## Program Operations Weekly Review\n\n**Meeting Purpose:**  \nBy the end of this meeting we will finalize spring residency schedules, prioritize supply orders within budget, and decide whether to pursue the Illinois Arts Council Project Grant this cycle.\n\n---\n\n### MEETING DETAILS\n\n| Field | Information |\n|-------|-------------|\n| **Date & Time** | Thursday, April 10, 2025 \u2022 10:00\u201311:00 AM America/Chicago \u2022 60 minutes |\n| **Location** | Metro Arts Lab HQ, 214 W Kinzie St, Chicago, IL 60654<br>Zoom: https://us06web.zoom.us/j/7712230098 |\n| **Facilitator** | Jordan Lee, Director of Operations |\n| **Notetaker** | Priya Patel, Program Coordinator |\n| **Attendees** | Elena Sosa (Executive Director); Jordan Lee (Director of Operations); Marcus Hill (Artistic Director); Priya Patel (Program Coordinator); Dana Ortiz (Finance Manager); Tasha Kim (Development Manager); Andre Walker (Teaching Artist Rep) |\n| **Accessibility** | Live captions enabled; gender-inclusive restrooms; quiet room available; nut-free snacks; materials shared in 12pt and large-print on request |\n\n---\n\n### PRE-WORK\n\n**Due by Wed, April 9, 2025, 3:00 PM CT:**\n\n1. **Spring Residency Grid** \u2014 https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/mal-residency-grid-spring2025\n2. **CPS Vendor Renewal Terms** \u2014 https://drive.google.com/file/d/mal-cps-vendor-terms\n3. **Supply Order Prioritization List** \u2014 https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/mal-supplies-q2\n4. **Weekly Ops Dashboard** \u2014 https://datastudio.google.com/reporting/mal-ops-dashboard\n\n*Please review all materials before the meeting. Live updates limited to 10\u201315 minutes total.*\n\n---\n\n### AGENDA\n\n| Time (mins) | Topic | Lead | Purpose | Pre-reads/Links | Desired Outcome |\n|-------------|-------|------|---------|-----------------|-----------------|\n| 2 | **Check-In:** Share one word that describes your week + equity moment | Jordan | Grounding | \u2014 | Connected start; acknowledge context |\n| 12 | **DECISION: Illinois Arts Council Project Grant** \u2014 Submit or skip this cycle? Review match requirements, staff capacity, and alignment with strategic plan | Tasha | Decision | [Grant RFP](https://example.com/iac-rfp); [Budget Memo](https://example.com/budget-memo) | Go/no-go decision with rationale documented |\n| 15 | **DECISION: Spring Residency Schedule Conflicts** \u2014 Resolve overlapping CPS requests for Weeks 15\u201318; confirm teaching artist assignments and backup coverage | Marcus | Decision | Spring Residency Grid | All residencies scheduled; partners notified by Friday |\n| 10 | **DECISION: Q2 Supply Order Prioritization** \u2014 Approve top 10 purchases within $3,200 budget; defer remaining items to Q3 or external funding | Dana | Decision | Supply Order Prioritization List | Approved purchase list; POs issued by April 14 |\n| 8 | **FYI: CPS Vendor Contract Renewal** \u2014 Summary of new insurance and invoicing requirements (decision made; implementation update only) | Jordan | FYI | CPS Vendor Renewal Terms | Team aware of May 1 compliance deadline |\n| 10 | **DISCUSSION: Summer Program Enrollment Pacing** \u2014 Review registration numbers vs. target; surface outreach barriers or partnership needs | Priya | Discussion | Weekly Ops Dashboard | Identified 2\u20133 concrete outreach actions |\n| 2 | **Closing:** Recap decisions, confirm action owners, appreciations | Jordan | Closing | \u2014 | Clear next steps; gratitude expressed |\n\n**Total: 59 minutes**\n\n---\n\n### PARKING LOT\n*Capture off-agenda items here without derailing the meeting.*\n\n| Item | Owner | Follow-up Plan |\n|------|-------|----------------|\n| Example: New mural project idea from teaching artist | Marcus | Add to April 24 Artistic Programming agenda |\n| | | |\n\n---\n\n### DECISIONS MADE\n\n| Decision | Rationale | Next Steps |\n|----------|-----------|------------|\n| Example: Submit Illinois Arts Council Project Grant | Strong fit with strategic plan; match secured from donor | Tasha drafts narrative by April 17 |\n| | | |\n\n---\n\n### ACTION ITEMS\n\n| Action | Owner | Due Date | First Next Step |\n|--------|-------|----------|-----------------|\n| Example: Email CPS partners with finalized residency dates | Priya | Fri, April 12 | Draft confirmation email using spring grid |\n| Example: Issue POs for approved Q2 supplies | Dana | Mon, April 14 | Export approved items from prioritization list |\n| | | | |\n\n---\n\n### COMMS OUT\n*Who needs to be informed about decisions made today?*\n\n- [ ] **Board:** *(if applicable)*\n- [ ] **Funders:** *(if applicable)*\n- [ ] **Volunteers:** *(if applicable)*\n- [ ] **Partners:** CPS contacts (residency confirmations)\n- [ ] **Teaching Artists:** Spring schedule assignments and backups\n- [ ] **Other:** ________________________________\n\n---\n\n### RISKS / BLOCKS / RESOURCE NEEDS\n\n| Issue | Impact | Support Needed |\n|-------|--------|----------------|\n| Example: Summer enrollment 22% below target as of April 9 | May need to cancel sessions or reduce teaching artist hours | Board connections for school outreach; social media boost from Development |\n| | | |\n\n---\n\n### DISTRIBUTION INSTRUCTIONS\n\n**Send:** 2\u20133 business days before meeting  \n**To:** All attendees  \n**Attach:** All pre-read documents  \n**File name:** `MetroArtsLab_ProgramOperationsWeeklyReview_Agenda_2025-04-10`  \n**Subject line:** Program Operations Weekly Review \u2022 April 10 \u2022 Pre-reads attached\n\n---\n\n### EMAIL BLURB (Copy/Paste)\n\n> Hi team,\n>\n> Our Program Operations Weekly Review is **Thursday, April 10, 10:00\u201311:00 AM CT** (Zoom link in calendar invite). We'll decide on the Illinois Arts Council grant, finalize spring residency schedules, and prioritize Q2 supply orders.\n>\n> **Action required:** Please review the four pre-read documents (links below) by **Wednesday, April 9, 3:00 PM CT** so we can use meeting time for decisions, not updates.\n>\n> Looking forward to a productive hour together.  \n> \u2014 Jordan\n\n---\n\n**Prepared by:** Jordan Lee, Director of Operations  \n**Reviewed by:** Elena Sosa, Executive Director  \n**Template Version:** 1.0 \u2022 April 2025\n\n---\n\n## FACILITATOR NOTES\n\n**Before the meeting:**\n- Confirm all pre-reads posted and accessible by Monday\n- Test Zoom captions 15 minutes early\n- Print large-print agendas if requested\n\n**During the meeting:**\n- Start/end on time; protect the 2-minute closing\n- Park off-topic items visibly (screenshare Parking Lot)\n- Assign action owners *in the meeting* before moving on\n\n**After the meeting:**\n- Circulate notes within 24 hours with Decisions/Actions/Comms Out highlighted\n- Update project management system (Asana/Trello) with action items\n- File agenda and notes in shared drive: `2025/Meetings/Program Ops/`\n\n**Capacity tips:**\n- If attendance drops below 50% two weeks in a row, poll team on timing/frequency\n- Batch FYI items into a weekly email digest if they consistently take >10 minutes\n- Rotate notetaker and check-in facilitator to distribute labor\n\n---\n\n*This template respects small-team capacity by frontloading decisions, protecting time, and creating clear accountability. Adapt timing and topics weekly, but keep the structure consistent so your team can prepare efficiently and leave with confidence.*",
      "timestamp": "2025-11-02T13:18:12.734406Z",
      "duration_seconds": 40.01,
      "tokens": {
        "input": 900,
        "output": 1944,
        "total": 2844
      },
      "cost_usd": 0.03186,
      "success": true,
      "evaluation": {
        "overall_score": 9.2,
        "criteria_scores": {
          "tone": 10,
          "completeness": 9,
          "usefulness": 10,
          "accuracy": 9,
          "authenticity": 9
        },
        "reasoning": "This is an exceptionally well-crafted nonprofit meeting template that demonstrates deep understanding of sector needs. It balances professionalism with warmth, provides concrete examples throughout, and includes thoughtful capacity-respecting features. The template is immediately usable and addresses real operational challenges faced by mid-size nonprofits.",
        "strengths": [
          "Perfect tone calibration: warm, professional, and genuinely supportive without being patronizing or overly casual",
          "Exceptional completeness: includes all required elements plus valuable additions like Facilitator Notes and capacity tips",
          "Highly practical structure: decisions prioritized first, realistic time allocations, concrete examples in every section",
          "Strong accessibility integration: not tokenized but naturally embedded throughout",
          "Excellent pre-work framing with specific deadlines and realistic links",
          "Parking Lot, Risks/Blocks, and Comms Out sections address real nonprofit pain points",
          "Email blurb is concise, action-oriented, and actually usable",
          "Facilitator Notes section shows operational sophistication (testing captions, rotating labor, capacity monitoring)",
          "Realistic scenario execution: grant decisions, vendor compliance, enrollment challenges are authentic",
          "Clear visual hierarchy and scannable formatting"
        ],
        "weaknesses": [
          "Minor: The agenda totals 59 minutes but doesn't explicitly account for the meeting start time (10:00 AM listed but no end time shown in agenda table)",
          "The 'Example:' prefix in Parking Lot, Decisions, Actions, and Risks sections could be removed or italicized to clarify these are placeholder demonstrations",
          "Very minor word count: instructional text may slightly exceed 180 words in the Facilitator Notes section, though this addition significantly increases usefulness"
        ],
        "evaluator_model": "claude-sonnet-4.5"
      }
    },
    {
      "scenario_id": "scenario_2",
      "model": "gpt5",
      "model_display_name": "ChatGPT (GPT-5)",
      "content": "Program Operations Weekly Review \u2014 Purpose\nBy the end of this meeting we will finalize spring residency schedules, prioritize supply orders within budget, and decide whether to pursue the Illinois Arts Council Project Grant this cycle.\n\nHeader\n- Date/Time/Zone: Thursday, April 10, 2025, America/Chicago\n- Duration: 60 minutes\n- Location: Metro Arts Lab HQ, 214 W Kinzie St, Chicago, IL 60654\n- Zoom: https://us06web.zoom.us/j/7712230098\n- Title: Program Operations Weekly Review\n- Facilitator: Jordan Lee (Director of Operations)\n- Notetaker: Priya Patel (Program Coordinator)\n- Attendees (requested): Elena Sosa (Executive Director); Jordan Lee (Director of Operations); Marcus Hill (Artistic Director); Priya Patel (Program Coordinator); Dana Ortiz (Finance Manager); Tasha Kim (Development Manager); Andre Walker (Teaching Artist Rep)\n- Accessibility & Inclusion: Live captions enabled; gender-inclusive restrooms; quiet room available; nut-free snacks; materials shared in 12pt and large-print on request\n\nPre-work (due by Wed, 2025-04-09, 3:00 PM CT)\n- Spring Residency Grid: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/mal-residency-grid-spring2025\n- CPS Vendor Renewal Terms: https://drive.google.com/file/d/mal-cps-vendor-terms\n- Supply Order Prioritization List: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/mal-supplies-q2\n- Weekly Ops Dashboard: https://datastudio.google.com/reporting/mal-ops-dashboard\n- IAC Project Grant brief and guidelines: attached to agenda\nNote: Limit live updates to 10\u201315 minutes total; bring proposed decisions in writing.\n\nAgenda (60 minutes total; decisions first)\n| Time (mins) | Topic                                                     | Lead   | Purpose      | Pre-reads/Links                                                                      | Desired Outcome                                                                           |\n|-------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|--------|--------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|\n| 3           | Grounding check-in: mission/values moment                 | Elena  | Discussion   | \u2014                                                                                     | Shared focus; name one way today\u2019s decisions support equitable arts access                |\n| 12          | IAC Project Grant: go/no-go by Friday                     | Tasha  | Decision     | IAC brief (attached)                                                                  | Decide whether to submit the Illinois Arts Council Project Grant by Friday                |\n| 18          | Finalize Spring Residency schedules (CPS + partners)      | Priya  | Decision     | Spring Residency Grid                                                                 | Approve final site-by-site schedule; confirm teacher assignments and start dates          |\n| 12          | Prioritize Q2 supply orders within $7,500 cap             | Dana   | Decision     | Supply Order List; Ops Dashboard (budget)                                             | Agree on purchase list by priority tiers; assign buyer and order dates                    |\n| 6           | CPS Vendor renewal: confirm path                          | Dana   | Decision     | CPS Vendor Renewal Terms                                                              | Approve renewal as-is or authorize legal review; set owner and deadline                   |\n| 7           | Ops Dashboard spotlight + risks (attendance, cash flow)   | Jordan | FYI/Discussion| Weekly Ops Dashboard                                                                  | Align on top 2 risks; assign mitigation owners; add non-urgent topics to Parking Lot      |\n| 2           | Closing: next steps + appreciation                        | Jordan | Next steps    | \u2014                                                                                     | Confirm owners/dates; one appreciation shared                                             |\n\nDecisions Made\n- 1)\n- 2)\n- 3)\n\nAction Items\n- Item | Owner | Due Date | First Next Step\n\nComms Out (who needs to be informed)\n- Board:\n- Funders (incl. IAC if applicable):\n- Volunteers:\n- Partners/schools:\n\nRisks/Blocks/Resource Needs\n- Risk/Block | Owner | Support/Resource Needed | Target Resolve Date\n\nParking Lot (off-topic or future items)\n- Item | Owner | Follow-up Plan | Due\n\nDistribution instructions (for the organizer)\n- Send agenda and attachments 2\u20133 days in advance; recommended send-by: Tue, 2025-04-08, 10:00 AM CT.\n- Attach all pre-reads and clearly mark any decision proposals. Keep live update sections short; use links for detail.\n- Use file name: \u201cMetroArtsLab_Program Operations Weekly Review_Agenda_2025-04-10\u201d.\n- In the meeting: timebox firmly, capture decisions/action items live, and confirm \u201cComms Out\u201d before closing.\n\nAgenda email blurb (60\u201390 words)\nSubject: Thurs 4/10 Program Ops Review \u2014 spring residencies, supplies, IAC grant\nHi team\u2014Thursday\u2019s 60\u2011minute Program Ops Review will focus on three decisions: finalize Spring residency schedules, prioritize Q2 supply orders within budget, and go/no\u2011go on the IAC Project Grant by Friday. Please complete pre-work by Wed 3:00 PM CT (links in agenda). Join at MAL HQ or via Zoom; live captions enabled. We\u2019ll keep updates brief and leave with clear owners and dates. Thank you for coming prepared so we can move quickly.\n\nPrepared by: Jordan Lee, Director of Operations\nReviewed by: Elena Sosa, Executive Director",
      "timestamp": "2025-11-02T13:18:52.483696Z",
      "duration_seconds": 79.76,
      "tokens": {
        "input": 774,
        "output": 4695,
        "total": 5469
      },
      "cost_usd": 0.072747,
      "success": true,
      "evaluation": {
        "overall_score": 8.8,
        "criteria_scores": {
          "tone": 9,
          "completeness": 9,
          "usefulness": 9,
          "accuracy": 9,
          "authenticity": 8
        },
        "reasoning": "This is an exceptionally well-executed nonprofit meeting agenda that demonstrates deep understanding of organizational operations. It balances professionalism with warmth, includes all required components with realistic detail, and would be immediately usable by a mid-size nonprofit. Minor deductions only for slight template-like feel in some sections.",
        "strengths": [
          "Excellent adherence to all prompt requirements including header block, time-boxed agenda table, parking lot, decisions/actions/comms sections, and distribution instructions",
          "Realistic, concrete agenda items with specific outcomes (e.g., '$7,500 cap', 'go/no-go by Friday') that reflect authentic nonprofit operations challenges",
          "Strong warm tone throughout\u2014professional but accessible, with inclusive language and practical accessibility notes",
          "Smart prioritization putting three decision items first (18+12+12 mins = 42 mins of 60) before FYI updates, respecting small-team capacity",
          "Practical pre-work structure with realistic links, clear deadlines, and explicit instruction to 'bring proposed decisions in writing'",
          "Excellent email blurb that's concise, action-oriented, and emphasizes preparation to respect meeting time",
          "Thoughtful grounding check-in tied to mission ('equitable arts access') rather than generic wellness prompt",
          "Distribution instructions are actionable and include specific send-by recommendation with timezone"
        ],
        "weaknesses": [
          "The 'Decisions Made' and subsequent sections are left as blank templates rather than showing example entries, which slightly reduces immediate usability for first-time users",
          "The 'IAC brief and guidelines: attached to agenda' in pre-work list introduces a fifth document not mentioned in the original PRE-READS variable, creating minor inconsistency",
          "Could benefit from one concrete example in the Parking Lot or Action Items section to model the level of specificity expected"
        ],
        "evaluator_model": "claude-sonnet-4.5"
      }
    },
    {
      "scenario_id": "scenario_3",
      "model": "gemini",
      "model_display_name": "Gemini 2.5 Flash",
      "content": "**ARIS Quarterly Operations & Compliance Review: Meeting Agenda Template**\n\n**Purpose:** By the end of this meeting we will review Q2 operational KPIs, resolve compliance gaps ahead of site visits, and confirm go/no-go on the ORR Refugee Support Services Grant renewal strategy.\n\n---\n\n**Date:** Thursday, May 22, 2025\n**Time Zone:** America/New_York\n**Duration:** 95 minutes\n**Location:** ARIS Main Office Board Room, 125 Broad St, Newark, NJ 07102\n**Virtual Access:** Zoom: https://zoom.us/j/5522104488\n**Meeting Host:** Samuel Okoro, Chief Operating Officer\n**Note Taker:** Linda Nguyen, Compliance Analyst\n**Attendees:** Nadia Rahman (Executive Director); Samuel Okoro (COO); Carla Romano (Finance Director); Hector Alvarez (Programs Director); Mei Chen (Grants Manager); Aisha Williams (HR Director); Victor Torres (IT Manager); Rina Das (Quality & Compliance Manager)\n**Accessibility:** CART captions; ASL interpreter available upon request (48 hours\u2019 notice); step-free access via elevator; halal/vegetarian options.\n\n---\n\n**Pre-work (Due by Tue, 2025-05-20, 12:00 PM ET):**\n1. Q2 KPI Dashboard Review: https://tableau.aris.org/views/q2-ops-kpis\n2. ORR RSS Compliance Checklist Review (Section 1-3): https://drive.google.com/file/d/aris-orr-rss-checklist\n3. Audit Prep Timeline & Owners Review: https://docs.google.com/document/d/aris-audit-prep-q2\n4. Client Satisfaction Summary (Jan\u2013Apr) Review: https://drive.google.com/file/d/aris-client-survey-q2\n\n---\n\n| Time (mins) | Topic                                                                 | Lead            | Purpose (Decision/Discussion/FYI) | Pre-reads/Links                                        | Desired Outcome                                                                  |\n| :---------- | :-------------------------------------------------------------------- | :-------------- | :-------------------------------- | :----------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |\n| 3           | **Grounding Moment: Mission & Values Check-in**                       | Samuel Okoro    | Discussion                        | N/A                                                    | Shared focus on ARIS's core mission and values.                                  |\n| 12          | **Decision: ORR RSS Grant Renewal Strategy**                          | Nadia Rahman    | Decision                          | Pre-read 2                                             | Go/No-go decision on grant renewal, with clear next steps for submission.        |\n| 15          | **Discussion: Q2 Operational KPI Trends & Client Feedback**           | Samuel Okoro    | Discussion                        | Pre-read 1, Pre-read 4                                 | Identification of 2-3 key areas for operational improvement based on data.       |\n| 10          | **Decision: Critical Compliance Gap Remediation & Owners**            | Rina Das        | Decision                          | Pre-read 2                                             | Assignment of owners and timelines for all identified high-priority compliance gaps. |\n| 15          | **Discussion: Preparing for Upcoming Site Visits & Audit Readiness**  | Carla Romano    | Discussion                        | Pre-read 3                                             | Consensus on audit preparation timeline and confirmation of roles.               |\n| 8           | **Discussion: Technology & Data Security Post-Q1 Incident**           | Victor Torres   | Discussion                        | Internal IT Memo Q1 Security Review                    | Agreement on 1-2 immediate action items to bolster data security.                |\n| 5           | **Break**                                                             | N/A             | N/A                               | N/A                                                    | Recharge and refocus.                                                            |\n| 10          | **Discussion: Staff Capacity & Resource Needs for Q3**                | Aisha Williams  | Discussion                        | Q3 Staffing Projections                                | 1-2 priority resource needs identified for executive review.                     |\n| 2           | **Closing: Next Steps & Appreciation**                                | Samuel Okoro    | FYI                               | N/A                                                    | Clear understanding of meeting outcomes and appreciation for contributions.      |\n\n---\n\n**Parking Lot:**\n* Topic 1 \u2013 Owner: [Name] \u2013 Follow-up Plan: [Brief description]\n* Topic 2 \u2013 Owner: [Name] \u2013 Follow-up Plan: [Brief description]\n\n---\n\n**Decisions Made:**\n1. [Decision 1: e.g., Proceed with ORR Refugee Support Services Grant renewal application.]\n2. [Decision 2: e.g., Rina Das to lead remediation of data privacy compliance gap by June 15.]\n\n**Action Items:**\n* Implement new client intake form \u2013 Owner: Hector Alvarez \u2013 Due Date: 2025-06-30 \u2013 First Next Step: Research best practices by 2025-05-29.\n* Schedule follow-up meeting on Q3 staffing \u2013 Owner: Aisha Williams \u2013 Due Date: 2025-05-28 \u2013 First Next Step: Coordinate availability with Nadia and Samuel.\n\n**Comms Out:**\n* **Board:** Summary of Q2 KPI performance and ORR grant renewal strategy.\n* **Funders:** Update on ORR RSS Grant renewal intent.\n* **Staff:** Key operational improvements from client feedback.\n\n**Risks/Blocks/Resource Needs:**\n* **Risk:** Potential for delayed ORR grant renewal due to compliance document processing.\n* **Block:** Insufficient staff capacity in Programs for new client volume projections.\n* **Resource Need:** Funding for additional compliance training licenses.\n\n---\n\n**Distribution Instructions:**\nPlease send this agenda 2-3 days in advance of the meeting. Ensure all pre-read links are active and accessible. Attach digital copies of all pre-reads directly to the email if possible.\n**File Name:** ARIS_Quarterly Operations & Compliance Review_Agenda_2025-05-22\n\n---\n\n**Prepared by:** Samuel Okoro, Chief Operating Officer\n**Reviewed by:** Nadia Rahman, Executive Director\n\n---\n\n**Email Blurb (Formal Tone):**\n\nDear ARIS Leadership Team,\n\nPlease find attached the agenda for our upcoming Quarterly Operations & Compliance Review on Thursday, May 22nd. This critical session will focus on Q2 operational performance, addressing compliance gaps, and finalizing our strategy for the ORR Refugee Support Services Grant renewal. Your thorough review of the pre-work materials by May 20th, 12:00 PM ET, is essential to ensure a productive meeting and enable informed decision-making. We look forward to your valuable contributions.",
      "timestamp": "2025-11-02T13:19:00.407043Z",
      "duration_seconds": 7.92,
      "tokens": {
        "input": 860,
        "output": 1448,
        "total": 2308
      },
      "cost_usd": 0.000998,
      "success": true,
      "evaluation": {
        "overall_score": 8.8,
        "criteria_scores": {
          "tone": 9,
          "completeness": 9,
          "usefulness": 9,
          "accuracy": 9,
          "authenticity": 8
        },
        "reasoning": "This is an exceptionally well-crafted meeting agenda that demonstrates deep understanding of nonprofit operations and compliance requirements. It successfully balances formality with functionality, includes all required elements, and provides concrete, actionable structure. The scenario-specific details (ORR grant, compliance gaps, site visits) feel authentic to a refugee services organization.",
        "strengths": [
          "Excellent adherence to formal tone throughout\u2014professional language appropriate for senior leadership without being stiff or bureaucratic",
          "Complete fulfillment of all template requirements: proper header block, time-boxed agenda table with all columns, grounding moment, break placement, parking lot, decisions/actions/comms sections, and distribution instructions",
          "Highly realistic nonprofit scenario details\u2014ORR compliance, site visit preparation, client satisfaction data, and capacity constraints are authentic pain points for refugee services organizations",
          "Smart agenda sequencing\u2014decisions first (ORR grant, compliance gaps) before discussions, with the break strategically placed at the 68-minute mark",
          "Practical pre-work structure with specific due date/time and realistic document types (Tableau dashboard, Google Drive compliance checklist)",
          "Strong 'Risks/Blocks/Resource Needs' section that surfaces real operational challenges (compliance delays, staffing capacity, training budget)",
          "Email blurb hits the 60-90 word target (89 words) and maintains formal tone while emphasizing preparation and decision-making"
        ],
        "weaknesses": [
          "Minor authenticity issue: The 'Parking Lot' section uses placeholder brackets instead of leaving it blank or providing one realistic example\u2014slightly undermines the otherwise concrete approach",
          "The 'Technology & Data Security Post-Q1 Incident' agenda item references 'Internal IT Memo Q1 Security Review' which wasn't included in the pre-reads list, creating a small inconsistency",
          "Action items section mixes template examples with bracketed placeholders in 'Decisions Made'\u2014would be stronger to either use all examples or all brackets for consistency"
        ],
        "evaluator_model": "claude-sonnet-4.5"
      }
    },
    {
      "scenario_id": "scenario_3",
      "model": "claude",
      "model_display_name": "Claude (Sonnet 4.5)",
      "content": "# ATLANTIC REFUGEE & IMMIGRANT SERVICES (ARIS)\n## Quarterly Operations & Compliance Review\n\n---\n\n### MEETING PURPOSE\nBy the end of this meeting we will review Q2 operational KPIs, resolve compliance gaps ahead of site visits, and confirm go/no-go on the ORR Refugee Support Services Grant renewal strategy.\n\n---\n\n### MEETING DETAILS\n\n| **Field** | **Information** |\n|-----------|-----------------|\n| **Date & Time** | Thursday, May 22, 2025 \\| 1:00 PM \u2013 2:35 PM ET (95 minutes) |\n| **Time Zone** | America/New_York |\n| **Location** | ARIS Main Office Board Room, 125 Broad St, Newark, NJ 07102 |\n| **Virtual Option** | Zoom: https://zoom.us/j/5522104488 |\n| **Facilitator** | Samuel Okoro, Chief Operating Officer |\n| **Notetaker** | Linda Nguyen, Compliance Analyst |\n| **Chair** | Nadia Rahman, Executive Director |\n| **Attendees** | Samuel Okoro (COO); Carla Romano (Finance Director); Hector Alvarez (Programs Director); Mei Chen (Grants Manager); Aisha Williams (HR Director); Victor Torres (IT Manager); Rina Das (Quality & Compliance Manager) |\n| **Accessibility** | CART captions enabled; ASL interpreter available upon request (48 hours' notice); step-free access via elevator |\n| **Refreshments** | Halal/vegetarian options provided |\n\n---\n\n### PRE-WORK REQUIRED\n\n**Due by Tuesday, May 20, 2025, 12:00 PM ET:**\n\n1. **Q2 KPI Dashboard** \u2014 https://tableau.aris.org/views/q2-ops-kpis\n2. **ORR RSS Compliance Checklist** \u2014 https://drive.google.com/file/d/aris-orr-rss-checklist\n3. **Audit Prep Timeline & Owners** \u2014 https://docs.google.com/document/d/aris-audit-prep-q2\n4. **Client Satisfaction Summary (Jan\u2013Apr)** \u2014 https://drive.google.com/file/d/aris-client-survey-q2\n\nReview all materials before the meeting. Bring questions and proposed solutions.\n\n---\n\n### AGENDA\n\n| **Time (mins)** | **Topic** | **Lead** | **Purpose** | **Pre-reads/Links** | **Desired Outcome** |\n|-----------------|-----------|----------|-------------|---------------------|---------------------|\n| 3 | **Grounding Check-In: Mission Moment** | Nadia Rahman | FYI | \u2014 | Center our \"why\": Share one recent client success story that reflects ARIS values |\n| 12 | **DECISION: ORR Refugee Support Services Grant Renewal (go/no-go)** | Mei Chen | Decision | ORR RSS Compliance Checklist; Q2 KPI Dashboard | Confirm submission by Friday, May 24; assign budget finalization owner; identify any compliance red flags |\n| 10 | **DECISION: July Site Visit Readiness (ORR & state auditors)** | Rina Das | Decision | Audit Prep Timeline & Owners | Approve audit prep plan; assign file review leads for case management, finance, HR; confirm mock-audit date |\n| 8 | **DECISION: Q2 Compliance Gap Remediation Priorities** | Samuel Okoro | Decision | ORR RSS Compliance Checklist | Select top three gaps to close by June 15; allocate staff hours; defer non-critical items to Q3 |\n| 15 | **DISCUSSION: Q2 KPI Performance & Capacity Constraints** | Hector Alvarez | Discussion | Q2 KPI Dashboard; Client Satisfaction Summary | Surface programmatic risks (case manager caseloads, intake waitlist); agree on mitigation steps or revised targets |\n| 10 | **FYI: Finance & Budget Status (abridged)** | Carla Romano | FYI | Q2 KPI Dashboard (finance tab) | Note cash flow position, grant drawdown pace, any variances >10%; questions only |\n| 8 | **FYI: HR Staffing Update & IT Security Compliance** | Aisha Williams / Victor Torres | FYI | \u2014 | Hiring pipeline for two case managers; cybersecurity training completion rate; questions only |\n| 5 | **Break** | \u2014 | \u2014 | \u2014 | \u2014 |\n| 20 | **Working Session: Action Item Assignments & Timeline Confirmation** | Samuel Okoro | Decision | \u2014 | Document owners, due dates, first next steps for all decisions; confirm who communicates what to board, funders, volunteers |\n| 2 | **Closing: Next Steps + Appreciation** | Nadia Rahman | FYI | \u2014 | Review action items; name one team member's contribution; confirm next Quarterly Review date |\n\n**Total: 93 minutes** *(allows 2-minute buffer)*\n\n---\n\n### PARKING LOT\n*(Items raised but outside today's scope)*\n\n| **Item** | **Owner** | **Follow-Up Plan** |\n|----------|-----------|---------------------|\n| Example: Volunteer training curriculum update | Hector Alvarez | Add to June Operations Team meeting agenda |\n|  |  |  |\n|  |  |  |\n\n---\n\n### DECISIONS MADE\n\n| **Decision** | **Outcome** | **Date Finalized** |\n|--------------|-------------|---------------------|\n| Example: Submit ORR RSS Grant renewal by May 24 | Approved; Mei Chen to finalize budget by 5/23 | 2025-05-22 |\n|  |  |  |\n|  |  |  |\n\n---\n\n### ACTION ITEMS\n\n| **Action** | **Owner** | **Due Date** | **First Next Step** |\n|------------|-----------|--------------|---------------------|\n| Example: Finalize ORR RSS Grant budget narrative | Mei Chen | Fri, 2025-05-23 | Review funder FAQ; draft indirect cost justification |\n| Example: Schedule mock audit with case management team | Rina Das | Wed, 2025-05-28 | Email Hector, Carla, Aisha to propose June 10\u201312 window |\n|  |  |  |  |\n|  |  |  |  |\n\n---\n\n### COMMS OUT\n*(Who needs to be informed of today's decisions?)*\n\n| **Audience** | **Key Message** | **Owner** | **Method** | **By When** |\n|--------------|-----------------|-----------|------------|-------------|\n| **Board of Directors** | ORR grant renewal approved; July audit prep underway | Nadia Rahman | Email update in Friday board digest | Fri, 2025-05-23 |\n| **ORR Program Officer** | Grant submission confirmed for May 24 | Mei Chen | Email confirmation + tracking number | Fri, 2025-05-24 |\n| **All Staff** | Q2 performance highlights; audit timeline; case manager hiring update | Samuel Okoro | All-Staff email + Monday team huddle mention | Mon, 2025-05-26 |\n| **Volunteers** | No action required this cycle | \u2014 | \u2014 | \u2014 |\n| **Community Partners** | No action required this cycle | \u2014 | \u2014 | \u2014 |\n\n---\n\n### RISKS / BLOCKS / RESOURCE NEEDS\n*(Surface capacity constraints early)*\n\n| **Risk or Constraint** | **Impact** | **Mitigation or Ask** | **Owner** |\n|------------------------|------------|------------------------|-----------|\n| Example: Case manager caseloads at 140% of standard (28 vs. 20 clients) | Client satisfaction declining; staff burnout risk | Hire two case managers by July 1 (already in pipeline); request ORR technical assistance for temporary surge support | Aisha Williams / Hector Alvarez |\n| Example: IT security training completion at 62% (target: 100% by May 31) | Audit non-compliance risk | Mandatory Zoom training session May 29; hold June payroll for non-completers | Victor Torres / Aisha Williams |\n|  |  |  |  |\n\n---\n\n## DISTRIBUTION INSTRUCTIONS\n\n**File Name:**  \n`ARIS_Quarterly Operations & Compliance Review_Agenda_2025-05-22.pdf`\n\n**Send to:** All attendees + Linda Nguyen (notetaker)  \n**When:** Monday, May 19, 2025 (3 business days in advance)  \n**Attachments:** All four pre-read documents (or links embedded above)  \n**Subject Line:** Quarterly Ops & Compliance Review \u2013 Thu 5/22, 1:00 PM | Pre-Work Due Tue 5/20\n\n---\n\n## EMAIL BLURB (60\u201390 words; warm tone for staff)\n\n> **Subject:** Quarterly Ops & Compliance Review \u2013 Thu 5/22, 1:00 PM | Pre-Work Due Tue 5/20\n>\n> Hi team,\n>\n> Our Q2 Operations & Compliance Review is **Thursday, May 22, 1:00\u20132:35 PM** (Board Room + Zoom). We'll decide on the ORR grant renewal, finalize audit prep, and review Q2 performance.\n>\n> **Action needed:** Review all four pre-reads by **Tuesday, May 20, noon** (links in agenda). Come ready to solve, not just report.\n>\n> Halal/vegetarian snacks provided. ASL interpreter available with 48 hours' notice.\n>\n> Questions? Reach Samuel (sokoro@aris.org).\n>\n> \u2014 Samuel\n\n---\n\n**Prepared by:** Samuel Okoro, Chief Operating Officer  \n**Reviewed by:** Nadia Rahman, Executive Director  \n**Template Version:** 1.0 | May 2025\n\n---\n\n### FACILITATOR NOTES\n\n- **Before the meeting:** Confirm pre-work completion by Tuesday noon. Follow up individually with anyone who hasn't reviewed materials.\n- **During decisions:** Use \"fist-to-five\" consensus checks (5 = full support; 3 = concerns but will support; <3 = block). Document dissent.\n- **Parking Lot discipline:** If a topic arises outside scope, name it, capture it, assign an owner, and return to agenda.\n- **Time warnings:** Give 2-minute and 30-second alerts for each agenda item.\n- **Equity lens:** In KPI discussion, ask: \"Which client populations are we serving well? Who are we missing?\"\n\n---\n\n**End of Template**",
      "timestamp": "2025-11-02T13:19:44.074010Z",
      "duration_seconds": 51.59,
      "tokens": {
        "input": 949,
        "output": 2530,
        "total": 3479
      },
      "cost_usd": 0.040797,
      "success": true,
      "evaluation": {
        "overall_score": 9.2,
        "criteria_scores": {
          "tone": 10,
          "completeness": 9,
          "usefulness": 10,
          "accuracy": 9,
          "authenticity": 8
        },
        "reasoning": "This is an exceptionally well-crafted, professional agenda template that demonstrates deep understanding of nonprofit operations, particularly in the refugee services sector. It balances formality with practicality, includes all required elements with realistic content, and would be immediately usable by the target organization. Minor deductions only for slight verbosity in some sections and a few example placeholders that could have been fully populated.",
        "strengths": [
          "Perfect tone calibration: formal yet accessible, with appropriate sector-specific language (ORR, RSS, case management ratios) that signals genuine nonprofit expertise",
          "Exceptional attention to compliance and operational realities: caseload ratios (28 vs 20), specific audit prep needs, cybersecurity training completion rates are all realistic and mission-critical",
          "Outstanding 'Comms Out' section that recognizes different stakeholder information needs (board digest vs. program officer vs. all-staff) with specific methods and timelines",
          "Highly practical facilitator notes including equity lens prompt ('Which client populations are we serving well? Who are we missing?') and fist-to-five consensus method",
          "Excellent Risks/Blocks section with concrete impacts and mitigation strategies that surface capacity constraints proactively",
          "Smart agenda sequencing: decisions first (grant renewal, audit readiness, compliance gaps) before FYI items, with working session for action item assignment",
          "Professional email blurb strikes the right balance between formal and warm, with clear action items and accessibility reminder",
          "Realistic time allocation with 2-minute buffer and 5-minute break for 95-minute meeting"
        ],
        "weaknesses": [
          "Some tables (Parking Lot, Decisions Made, Action Items) include 'Example:' entries that should ideally be blank or show different formatting to distinguish template fields from examples",
          "The 'Working Session' agenda item (20 minutes) is somewhat redundant since action items should emerge organically from decisions\u2014this could be streamlined to 10-12 minutes",
          "Minor inconsistency: email blurb says 'warm tone for staff' but the overall TONE parameter was FORMAL\u2014the blurb is actually appropriately formal-warm, but the notation creates slight confusion"
        ],
        "evaluator_model": "claude-sonnet-4.5"
      }
    },
    {
      "scenario_id": "scenario_3",
      "model": "gpt5",
      "model_display_name": "ChatGPT (GPT-5)",
      "content": "Purpose\nBy the end of this meeting we will review Q2 operational KPIs, resolve compliance gaps ahead of site visits, and confirm go/no-go on the ORR Refugee Support Services Grant renewal strategy.\n\nHeader\n- Date/Time/Zone: Thursday, May 22, 2025, 9:00\u201310:35 AM, America/New_York (95 minutes)\n- Location: ARIS Main Office Board Room, 125 Broad St, Newark, NJ 07102\n- Zoom: https://zoom.us/j/5522104488\n- Facilitator: Samuel Okoro, Chief Operating Officer\n- Note-taker: Linda Nguyen, Compliance Analyst\n- Attendees: Nadia Rahman (Executive Director); Samuel Okoro (COO); Carla Romano (Finance Director); Hector Alvarez (Programs Director); Mei Chen (Grants Manager); Aisha Williams (HR Director); Victor Torres (IT Manager); Rina Das (Quality & Compliance Manager)\n- Accessibility & hospitality: CART captions; ASL interpreter available upon request (48 hours\u2019 notice); step-free access via elevator; halal/vegetarian options\n\nPre-work (Due by Tue, 2025-05-20, 12:00 PM ET; limit live updates to 10\u201315 minutes total)\n1) Q2 KPI Dashboard \u2014 https://tableau.aris.org/views/q2-ops-kpis\n2) ORR RSS Compliance Checklist \u2014 https://drive.google.com/file/d/aris-orr-rss-checklist\n3) Audit Prep Timeline & Owners \u2014 https://docs.google.com/document/d/aris-audit-prep-q2\n4) Client Satisfaction Summary (Jan\u2013Apr) \u2014 https://drive.google.com/file/d/aris-client-survey-q2\n\nUsage and distribution notes (keep this section when reusing)\n- Send this agenda 2\u20133 days in advance with all pre-reads attached/linked. Use file name: \u201cARIS_Quarterly Operations & Compliance Review_Agenda_2025-05-22.\u201d\n- Decisions go first; move off-topic items to Parking Lot. Time-box tightly and name an owner for each outcome.\n- Keep live updates to 10\u201315 minutes and focus on what\u2019s changed, what\u2019s off-track, and what decision/support is needed.\n- End with clear owners, due dates, and \u201cComms Out\u201d so the board, funders, volunteers, and partners hear consistent messages.\n- If we cannot finish an item, capture the next concrete step and who will drive it offline.\n\nAgenda (95 minutes total; includes a 5-minute break)\n| Time (mins) | Topic                                                                 | Lead                         | Purpose         | Pre-reads/Links                                                                                   | Desired Outcome                                                                                              |\n|-------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------|-----------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|\n| 3           | Grounding check-in (mission/equity moment)                            | Samuel Okoro                 | Discussion      | \u2014                                                                                                  | Shared focus anchored in client impact and equity commitments                                                 |\n| 32          | Decision block: ORR go/no-go; approve ORR corrective actions; authorize short-term staffing/OT to meet targets | Nadia Rahman; Samuel Okoro; Carla Romano | Decision        | ORR RSS Checklist; Audit Prep Timeline                                                             | 1) Go/no-go on ORR RSS submission by Fri; 2) Approved corrective action plan with owners/dates; 3) Resource shifts authorized |\n| 12          | Pre-read highlights: Q2 KPI outliers + Client Satisfaction insights   | Hector Alvarez; Rina Das; Mei Chen | Discussion      | KPI Dashboard; Client Satisfaction Summary                                                         | Top 2\u20133 focus areas confirmed; any needed drill-downs assigned offline                                       |\n| 5           | Break                                                                 | \u2014                            | \u2014               | \u2014                                                                                                  | Quick reset                                                                                                   |\n| 31          | Site-visit readiness tabletop (run-of-show, doc room, mock Q&A, comms) | Rina Das; Linda Nguyen       | Discussion/Decision | Audit Prep Timeline                                                                                 | Agreed day-of roles, document checklist, mock Q&A assignments; finalize internal/external comms plan          |\n| 10          | Risks/Blocks/Resource Needs                                           | All                          | Discussion      | \u2014                                                                                                  | Top risks logged with owners and mitigations; confirm any budget/IT/HR needs                                 |\n| 2           | Close: next steps + appreciation                                      | Samuel Okoro                 | FYI/Decision    | \u2014                                                                                                  | Owners and due dates confirmed; \u201cComms Out\u201d list agreed                                                      |\n\nParking Lot (off-topic or time-limited items)\n- Item / Owner / Follow-up Plan\n- Example: \u201cIntake form revision\u201d / Rina / Draft change and consult legal by 5/29\n\nDecisions Made (capture verbatim)\n- Example: Proceed with ORR RSS submission by Fri 5/23; Carla to confirm budget adjustments same day\n\nAction Items\n- Item / Owner / Due Date / First Next Step\n- Example: Site-visit doc room setup / Linda / 5/28 / Send checklist to program leads by 5/23\n- Example: Hire 0.5 FTE temp case aide / Aisha / 6/7 / Share short-term JD to recruiter by 5/23\n\nRisks/Blocks/Resource Needs\n- Example: Interpretation vendor capacity at peak times; Owner: Hector; Mitigation: add backup vendor by 5/30\n- Example: Data privacy training overdue for 3 new staff; Owner: Victor; Mitigation: schedule make-up session 5/27\n\nComms Out (who needs to be informed and by whom)\n- Board: 3-bullet progress note on compliance readiness (Nadia)\n- Funders (ORR/state): confirmation of site-visit readiness points (Rina)\n- Volunteers: adjusted clinic schedule for week of visits (Hector/Aisha)\n- Partners: referral pause window and who to contact (Mei)\n\nEmail blurb (for sending the agenda)\nSubject: Thurs 5/22 \u2013 ARIS Quarterly Ops & Compliance Review (95 min)\nHi team, please review the attached agenda and pre-reads before Thursday\u2019s 9:00 AM ET meeting. We\u2019ll make three key decisions (ORR go/no-go, corrective actions, and short-term staffing), align on Q2 KPI priorities, and finalize site-visit readiness and comms. Pre-reads are linked for quick review; keep live updates brief. Accessibility details are below. Thanks for arriving prepared so we can leave with clear owners and deadlines.\n\nPrepared by: Samuel Okoro, Chief Operating Officer\nReviewed by: Nadia Rahman, Executive Director",
      "timestamp": "2025-11-02T13:20:27.885546Z",
      "duration_seconds": 95.4,
      "tokens": {
        "input": 797,
        "output": 5219,
        "total": 6016
      },
      "cost_usd": 0.080676,
      "success": true,
      "evaluation": {
        "overall_score": 8.8,
        "criteria_scores": {
          "tone": 9,
          "completeness": 9,
          "usefulness": 9,
          "accuracy": 9,
          "authenticity": 8
        },
        "reasoning": "This is an exceptionally well-crafted agenda that demonstrates deep understanding of nonprofit operations, particularly in the compliance-heavy refugee services sector. It balances formality with practicality, includes all required elements with realistic detail, and would be immediately usable by the target organization. Minor weaknesses in authenticity relate to slightly mechanical phrasing in a few sections.",
        "strengths": [
          "Excellent sector-specific realism: ORR compliance, site-visit prep, CART captions, halal/vegetarian options, and interpretation vendor capacity issues are all authentic to refugee services organizations",
          "Outstanding decision prioritization: places three critical decisions (go/no-go, corrective actions, staffing authorization) in a 32-minute block at the top, exactly as the prompt requires",
          "Highly practical action items with concrete first steps: 'Share short-term JD to recruiter by 5/23' and 'Send checklist to program leads by 5/23' are realistic and actionable",
          "Strong compliance with formal tone throughout: professional language, proper titles, structured format appropriate for executive-level operations review",
          "Comprehensive 'Comms Out' section that demonstrates understanding of stakeholder management across board, funders, volunteers, and partners",
          "Realistic time-boxing: 32 minutes for decision block, 31 for site-visit tabletop reflects actual complexity of these discussions",
          "Excellent pre-work structure with specific due date/time and realistic document types (Tableau dashboard, compliance checklist, client satisfaction summary)"
        ],
        "weaknesses": [
          "The 'Usage and distribution notes' section, while helpful, reads slightly more like template instructions than organic organizational guidance\u2014could be condensed or integrated more naturally",
          "Email blurb is functional but somewhat generic in voice; could benefit from one organization-specific detail or warmer closing to feel less AI-generated",
          "The grounding check-in outcome ('Shared focus anchored in client impact and equity commitments') uses slightly stilted language that sounds more like a rubric than how staff would actually describe this moment"
        ],
        "evaluator_model": "claude-sonnet-4.5"
      }
    }
  ],
  "summary": {
    "total_scenarios": 3,
    "total_outputs": 9,
    "successful_outputs": 9,
    "failed_outputs": 0,
    "total_cost_usd": 0.3461,
    "average_score": 8.93
  }
}